Improve clarity of definition to be less ambiguous (#1134)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: pages/glossary/semantic-role.md

objective: true
---

> A _semantic [role](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#dfn-role)_ is a semantic association that indicates an object's type, as defined by a standard such as the [WAI-ARIA spec](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#role_definitions), [Graphics AAM spec](https://w3c.github.io/graphics-aam/#mapping_role_table), or similar. This allows tools to present and support interaction with the object in a manner that is consistent with user expectations about other objects of that type.

Author: ```suggestion
A _semantic [role](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#dfn-role)_ is a semantic association that indicates an object's type. This allows tools to present and support interaction with the object in a manner that is consistent with user expectations about other objects of that type.

Valid semantic roles are defined by standards. For web content and applications these are defined within the various [WAI-ARIA specifications](https://act-rules.github.io/glossary/#wai-aria-specifications).
```

Author: @Jym77 does that suggestion cover it ^^

Reviewer: Yes, I think it's good.
